en

your_flag_returned	Your flag returned
enemy_flag_returned	Enemy flag returned
your_flag_taken		Your flag taken
enemy_flag_taken	Enemy flag takenr
your_team_scored	Your team scores
enemy_team_scored	Enemy team scores

et

your_flag_returned	Teie lipp on taastatud
enemy_flag_returned	Vastase lipp on taastatud
your_flag_taken		Teie lipp on röövitud
enemy_flag_taken	Vastase lipp on röövitud
your_team_scored	Teie meeskond skooris
enemy_team_scored	Vastase meeskond skooris


ru

your_flag_returned	Ваш флаг возвращен
enemy_flag_returned	Вражеский флаг возвращен
your_flag_taken		Ваш флаг украден
enemy_flag_taken	Вражеский флаг украден
your_team_scored	Вы получаете очко
enemy_team_scored	Противник получает очко


uk

your_flag_returned	Ваш *прапор по*вернутий
enemy_flag_returned	*Прапор *ворога по*вернутий
your_flag_taken		Ваш *прапор *вкрадений
enemy_flag_taken	*Прапор *ворога *вкрадений
your_team_scored	Ви о*тримуєте бал
enemy_team_scored	*Ворог о*тримує бал


